this is the brand new nokia 701 with the
symbian value Y and let me just show you
how it works oh all of these Symbian
Belle devices they come out of the box
with four pre-installed home screens so
pretty cool content follows the fingers
so you can change the wallpapers you can
rearrange the widgets the different
sized widgets and just like why long
pressing if you can choose the location
wherever in the home screen you want to
place it or then you might want to have
it on another toast
okay and then it's also easy to add
another home screen here so you just
press on the lower hand lower light a
lower right-hand corner here and go to
add another whore screen there we go
this is a blank home screen in the
beginning so you just long press on that
one day to add a wallpaper change
wallpaper go to images so you can use
any of your images in your gallery so
either one of your own pictures or then
then the ready-made teams that are
pre-installed on the device so let
Institute for an uncle that's available
so there it is and now you can start
adding content on this one so again you
just long press on it and you can either
start adding widgets or shortcuts to the
home screen so for example if I go ad
add widget'
let's put a for example clock in there
and now I want to have it
ok
short bus
fun doing some shopping here yes let's
put their like for example sir
this is how easy to configure the whole
image but it also new is this
notification bar so it's a full down
menu from wherever you are on whatever
one whatever homie
you have this pulldown notification is
part here you so you distract it down
with your finger and use the all your
connections Bluetooth Wi-Fi the silent
mode and you also see if you have missed
calls miss SMS see so you can check it
here from wherever you are and also what
is new in symbian belle is this Navi bar
at the bottom of the screen so this is
all graphical now so then is basically
showing the options that you have on
each of the screen and and what is
really useful and user-friendly is this
back arrow so again if I for example go
to contacts and open one of them
wherever you are you just you can go
back to kind of all of the stages you
take and so far this is pretty
convenient way of navigating your phone
every night and then also what is new
and improved is is actually this flat
menu structure we don't have any folders
pre-installed on the menu so everything
is here I've been listed as hyphens and
you can as a user you can add one level
of folders if you want to use some of
the applications into a folder so you
can do that
of course this these all new devices so
nothing
nokia 770 one of these are NFC enabled
so a very cool new way of sharing things
so you can share pictures you can share
contact you can share music so let me do
it